Just like our dad
Do you really want our dad to die?
What do you mean?
Ma Ning, don't blame me
The previous ones are not good.
But you just got back today.
Prove that you still have me as a father in your heart
If you have nothing to do, I'll go first
Stop now that you're back, don't go
What do you want to do?
Oh my god
Now the only person who can save the Ye family is you
My son told me.
Shen Tian, the eldest young master of the Shen family, has seen you
Do you really not know or do you not know?
That is the bridesmaid of the Shenjia Longdu wealthy family
Did you marry
It's not just you who can eat well.
Even our Ye family can follow suit.
Dad is also for your own good
You can't take revenge on me
It is your Ye family's business to please the Shen family
It has something to do with me, Ye Wanting
Dad can't help it either
Then Young Master Qin has already placed the last Tongtian
If I don't hand you over
The Ye family will be slaughtered all over the house
You can't ruin your family in your hands, can you?
I think the Ye family is going to be destroyed by your hands
You can't go